Now we will see how to summarize the text after scraping.
For this, we will need the API key of OpenAI.
Because we will send our scraped text to OpenAI and from there the text will be summarized through AI and you will get the result.
For this, we will first have to set up the OpenAI account and after taking the API key, we will have to set the method in this section to summarize.
For this, we will first go to our Chrome browser and there you have to go to platform.openai.com and create an account.
How will you create an account?
You have to give your email.
Your phone number.
And as soon as you give these two things, your account will be created.
And as soon as your account is created, you have to click here in the top right corner.
If you click in the top right corner, you will get the view API keys.
If you click here, you will reach the page where I am.
So here you will see your API keys.
Either you will be able to create API keys here.
After that, first of all, you have to create an account, which is a very simple process.
As I told you, you have to set up your account in platform.openai.com.
You have to enter your email, phone number, and verify it.
After that, your account will be created.
This is absolutely free.
It will not cost you money at all.
It is your free account.
So you will go to usage.
If you go to usage, then you will definitely see here that it should not be written expired anywhere.
It should not be written expired anywhere.
If it is written expired anywhere after making your account.
This means that you have already created an account.
With the same number, with the same email.
So your validity has expired.
So we have got this free trial for 1 February.
And we have been given credit up to $5.
So here you also have to see that your free trial is completely white and not expired anywhere.
If something is written like this.
If something is written after being expired.
Then you have to create an account again.
A new account where you have to enter a new number and email.
Most of the time this will not happen with you at all.
But you can do something like this.
Now here what you have to do first.
That you have to go to your API keys section.
And here you have to create a new API key.
So you will write here.
Here you see an API key.
Here I have already made it in the name of Chrome extension.
So I will delete it first.
And you have to.
To show how API key is created.
I will delete it first.
So what you will do for that.
First you will go to create new secret.
Which is the plus button.
In this you will write my API.
You can name the API key with any name.
And as soon as you click create secret.
So here your key has been created.
Now you have to verify here.
So you go to the begin puzzle.
You can verify.
So I will verify it quickly.
And I will verify it here.
I will submit it.
And then again quickly.
I will verify it.
And I will submit it.
I don't know what all they do.
But it is fine.
Ok.
So now hopefully all this has been done.
Verification.
Now here you will see your API key.
You will copy it.
And remember once.
That you get to see the API key only once.
At the time when you make it.
After that you will not see it.
You do it done.
And after that.
Here I will remove the old API key from here.
Which I don't need.
Because here we have made a just new API key.
So for this also we have to do the puzzle.
I will do it quickly.
Or I will remove it.
Now I don't remove it.
Why waste so much time.
I will cancel it.
Ok.
One more thing.
I will delete the API key after the video is over.
After the project is over.
I will delete it.
So you don't try to use this API key.
So what we will do here.
You will go back.
And we will go back.
After minimizing it.
And here first of all.
We will comment out our API key.
Go here.
We will comment the API key.
So this is our API key.
You must have also got some of this type of API key.
Now after this.
First thing.
The API request that we have to send.
That will go to our OpenAI.
So for that we have to make an API URL first.
On which request will be sent.
So const openai.
We give it a variable by doing URL.
In which you have to put the URL of openai.
So here I have that URL.
So first I will put it directly here.
So here is that URL.
You have to type the same URL here.
After this.
Remember that all these things that you are doing.
They should be in this.
In if condition.
Because the scraped text that we have to send.
We will get it from this if condition.
After this.
The second thing is.
You have to make a URL for API key.
So we make a URL for API key.
So.
const.
API.
Underscore key.
In this our API key.
We copy that.
And then.
Paste it.
So our API key.
Has also come here.
After this.
The second thing that comes.
That is.
Now our scraped text data.
Scraped text.
This API has a limit.
It can process only some words.
Some 200 to 300 words.
It can process.
And.
This field.
This free version.
It can process only 100 words with difficulty.
So we have to keep this in mind.
That the text that we will give.
It is of only 100 words.
If we give text above it.
Then we do not get any result of API.
We will show error.
So we have to send only 100 words.
To API.
First.
We have scraped the whole web page content.
But we have to send only 100 words.
And.
Believe me.
That is enough.
To summarize your web page.
And we will see that now.
So.
For this.
What we have to do.
We have to use a method.
By which we.
Whatever our web page.
Whatever our content will be.
We can.
Make it smaller.
And.
And make it 100 words.
So what we will do for that.
We will make a variable named string.
And.
What will we save in it.
Message dot scraped text.
Dot scraped text.
This is saved in it.
After this.
What will we do.
We will make a variable named words.
In which.
Whatever.
In it.
What we will do.
We will make a variable named words.
In which.
Whatever.
In it.
Message.
In scraped text.
Whatever.
Things.
We will split it.
Meaning.
String.
Dot.
Split.
And.
We will make it separate.
We will make all the words separate.
This method.
And.
For example.
There.
It is written.
The quick brown fox.
So.
Da will be separate.
Quick will be separate.
Brown will be separate.
So.
All the values will be stored in a separate array.
I will show you.
This thing.
Once.
By doing this.
I will show you.
How to give words.
So.
Console.
Dot.
Log.
And.
Here.
I write words.
Like.
And.
Here.
After this.
Once.
I go to the browser.
I show you.
What will happen.
So.
Once.
We go to the browser.
Our.
Browser.
Here.
Once.
Click.
Hello.
Word.
And.
Before.
We.
Download.
Open.
Extension.
Hello.
Word.
Click.
We.
Go to.
Inspection.
Console.
So.
See.
One.
Array.
Comes.
In which.
Whole.
Word.
Split.
You will get.
See.
One.
Word.
Split.
Whole.
Now.
What.
Will.
We.
Only.
100.
Words.
Will.
Keep.
And.
Other.
All.
Will.
Remove.
For.
This.
Now.
What.
Will.
We.
Go.
Back.
To.
Our.
Code.
And.
First.
Console.
Log.
Now.
We.
Will.
Get.
Only.
100.
Words.
Using.
This.
Method.
If.
You.
Write.
200.
Then.
Will.
Get.
300.
Words.
Will.
Get.
300.
Words.
So.
How.
Much.
You.
Specify.
The.
Text.
We.
Will.
Save.
That.
Means.
I.
Tell.
You.
What.
Will.
Do.
Here.
What.
We.
Did.
That.
Our.
Text.
Extracted.
We.
Made.
100.
Words.
So.
Message.
Script.
Text.
100.
Words.
Okay.
Now.
We.
Can.
Process.
This.
In.
Our.
API.
Now.
You.
Have.
To.
Process.
First.
You.
Have.
To.
Make.
An.
Object.
By.
Data.
And.
You.
Have.
To.
Use.
So.
Let's.
Specify.
Some.
Things.
So.
This.
Is.
Specified.
So.
The.
First.
Thing.
To.
Specify.
Is.
Model.
And.
Messages.
For.
That.
We.
Will.
Use.
As.
A.
Model.
You have to enter the name of the chat GPT, here GPT-4 is also available, GPT-3.5 is also available, so you will not be able to get GPT-4 in the free version, but you have this model available, so you can do this.
After that, we gave a role of user content, and we gave the same to you, you have to summarize the message.script text content for the content.
So we gave a prompt basically, summarize this in a single paragraph, give this text in a single paragraph, and that text is message.script text.
and this is what we made of the 100 words
so now you must have understood
this went into our data
now the second thing will go
that is
how many
number of tokens and all these things come
so what will you do for this, first you will go down
from the message area
here you will define some things
like max
tokens
or I will give you this whole thing in the code section
this is nothing
some 3-4 line properties
you can define something like this
here we have given some things like
max tokens and these are some things
which you don't need to pay attention to
so these are all things
and the main thing here is the max token
what it tells
that according to some words
there are tokens here
i.e. there are 16000 tokens
so we can process only some words
so tokens basically tell you how many
number of words you can process at once
so you can't increase it
because the capability of this model is
that it can process 16000 tokens
and one token
is equivalent to 1.2 text
or
one token is equivalent to 2 text
so it is 16000
so it can do
some 32000 words
but again
this is a free version
so we can only do 100 words
if you had paid for this
then you would have done
32000 words
ok
so this is all
now what we have to do
we have to create a function
by which we can
send the API scrap text
now we have just defined the properties
what to send
how to send
which model to use
now we have to define
what things
we want to use
so for this we will go down
and this function
which we have already created
you have to use this
what it will do
I will tell you
here this response
variable
what it will do
as a body
it will put
this data
first of all
it will convert this data
into a string
and it will send
method post
means it is sending a request
to openai
and then in the authorisation
your API will be done
after doing this
whatever code you have
is set up
to send a request to openai
now some things are left
which are here
here some things are left
like
second thing is this
whatever response data
you will get
means whatever response
you got from API
you have to save that too
so for that what you do
first of all you make a variable
called response data
in that the response
that we get from openai
we convert it to json
and then by doing message from response
we make a separate variable
in which
the object called response data
in that we extract the
message.content
value or key
so let me explain this to you
what we have done
so first we comment this
as soon as we comment this
after this we will do one thing
we will do console.log
here we will
response.json
whatever response we will get
we have logged it here
so you must have understood
that we have set up API first
we have spread it in 100 words
then we have defined some values
and prompts of models
after this we have sent
the request here
then whatever the request is
we will get its data
so we have logged it
now we will do one thing
first we will go to our browser
first we will go from here
and refresh it
now we will
go to our wikipedia page
and go to extension
then we will click on
the word
as soon as we clicked
we will go to
console and see
here it is written promise
you will open this object
then you will see
here
you will go to choices
you will see in choices
you will click on 0
and here is a message
you will click on message
so after doing all this
you will get this content
this is a navigation prompt
that instructs the user to jump to the main content of the web page
this is your complete summarized content
you got it here
so now
you will have to access this message
so what will you do
here
you will go to choices
then the message
the message object
basically the key
you will fetch the content from it
so from here you will get the summary of data
so here you will get the summary
now you will use the method
to access this
so first of all you will go to
your code
in your vs code
and here the thing we commented out
we will uncomment it
so actually it commented again
I will uncomment it
ok so now we did the same thing
whatever response we got in the response data
we saw in the response
the key named choices
the message and content
we accessed it
and saved it in the message from response
and here we locked the console
now we will remove it from here
now we have the summary
but we don't want to show the summary in the console
we want to show it in the popup
so for this we will
send the message
means we will send the message in the popup
so for this we will
go to the background
and write
chrome dot
runtime dot
send message
and what we will put in this
we will make an object by
summary
so we will name it by summary
and here it will be message from
response
so we will be sending it
with this name
and after this
we will go to our popup
and we will receive it from the popup
so we will go down here
and here we will write chrome dot
runtime dot
on message
dot
add listener
after this
whatever message you want to receive
you will remember
that you were giving a parameter
and this is an async function
so here we will write async
async
we will put message in this
after this
we will make our
object and
in this we will put a parameter
if message dot
summary
if there is any summary in the message
then here we will do one thing
that we will make a state to set that summary
here we will make a state
const summary
and then in this we will set
summary
we will put a set parameter
and this is a use state
and in this
empty string
basically here
we took our summary from the background
here we
brought it from runtime dot on message
and after this we will set it
in our summary name
state
so we will do set summary
and here message dot
after doing summary
after doing summary we will set it
so here finally
it is set and after this
what we will do is
as it happens here we will put it in console dot log
we will make it
console dot log
and summary
so finally
here we have received
our
summary we have received
here
so in this part we have seen
how we called api
and after this we have brought the message
from there in the popup
and here we have
locked the summary in the console
and set it in state
so now after this we will do one more thing
that in our background file
we will go once and here at the top
you will see that the string dot split
in this you have to add a space
here in the middle
what we did now we did not add space
because of which what happened
that actually the word that it is extracting
the scraped text
it is getting split but
it is getting split letter by letter
means one letter is getting split
now when you will think that one letter is getting split
then how fast the hundred words are getting split
it will complete
for example here we have a sentence
the quick
sentence is not there
so I will call it a small line
brown fox
so here when we did not add space
then by default what it will do
it will separate every word one by one
means it will separate t
it will split h separately
and it will split q separately
like this till here everything will be split separately
so what will happen here
whatever will be sent to our openai
it will be split letter by letter
and because of this
the limit of hundred words that we have set
that till hundred words
minify it
keep only hundred words
so these hundred words will be completed like this
because the spaces here
will take their place
so it is important to give space here
so that the split here
is split word by word
means the quick is here
so that it is split letter by letter
one word will be split
so you must be understanding
so because of this the word
will be more
the hundred words will be
more to summarize
so that the summary
will be more correct
so here we have done this
now we will save it
after this we will go to popup
we have done console.log summary
for now we will remove it
and this is an asynchronous function
you know that
after this we will do one more thing
we will put an if statement
in which we will write if summary.length
and what was our summary
the summary that we have set
if the summary.length is greater than 0
means if the summary is there
then you can
log the summary
so here the summary
will be logged
we have done this much
what we have changed here
we have put space in the middle
because of which
if we had not put space
then by default it would have split
so that the space would be more
and there would not be enough content
to summarize
so here we have come to popup.tsx
and we have seen that
if the summary actually exists
then it will be shown in the console
now what we will do
after this we will go to our web page
and we will open our extension
and we will click in hello world
as soon as we click in hello world
before this we will go
we will refresh our extension
which is very important
we have refreshed our extension
we have gone back
after this we have clicked in hello world
we have gone to console
and here you can see
that our summarization content
has come
it takes some time
because it takes some time to request
the article discusses various goals
in the field of artificial intelligence
including reasoning and problem solving
knowledge representation
it is giving a very precise summary
to you